while in front at bolton with little
great I went ok I just wanted
I have not much time how
little production belly made
since since the beginning of the year either
almost 100 g the reporting
yes ok listen well I sold 8 and
Besides, I have an opportunity in
so many others before him
and so I have an opportunity on a
other sale but I would like when
even have your opinion to put all
the chances of your side well how much
like what
how long do you give us how much
I do not know exactly four or six years
then no I do not want to put 4 or 6 years
and his four those six there but 5,6 then
now is that you could me
tell the name of monthly appointments in
mean for moons and listen there
on the other hand in terms of the number of
appointments am not very satisfied
because targeting the super no but
it's not my nation a targeting between
you I say what I want is the
number of appointments on average
in average monthly since beginning
of year I will react wake 28 28 30
32 35
but I should still ask you
if you can help me on qualification
we'll see later to his later
I will help you web one so now
from the beginning the year always how much
new customers
new reference 7 7 11
ah yes good is better than above 2
10 and well and their last last
question what are the forecasts of
product sales over the year 73 60
that's good that's it's great
listen really thank you
it's a great interview I appreciate
it's going fast it's good it's clear we have
well advanced
wait wait while I'm there
do not think it's you I forgot a bag
no because I have to say hot on the
back to the zincs how much is left of rtt to
take by the month of may